# 3.2.2

- Updated the .mpt parser to handle files without a metadata section.


# 3.2.1

- Fixed the BHT method (DRT analysis) so that it works properly when `num_procs` is set to greater than one and NumPy is using OpenBLAS.


# 3.2.0

- Added support for calculating the distribution of relaxation times using the `m(RQ)fit` method.
- Added `HavriliakNegamiAlternative` as an element with an alternative form of Havriliak-Negami relaxation.
- Added `ModifiedInductor` as an element for modeling non-ideal inductance.
- Updated the assertion message related to valid methods in the `calculate_drt` function.
- Updated the default lower and/or upper limits of some elements.
- Updated how `numpy.nan` is handled when creating `FittedParameter` objects.
- Refactored a minor portion of the TR-NNLS method (DRT analysis) code.
- Refactored the `pyimpspec.circuit.get_elements` function to ensure all circuit elements have unique symbols.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Circuit.get_connections` method to return an empty list in some cases when invoked with `flattened=True`.
- Fixed bugs that caused the `Circuit.to_diagram` method to produce incorrect results.


# 3.1.3

- Added support for `kvxopt` as an optional dependency as a drop-in replacement for `cvxopt`.
- Updated how import errors related to the convex optimizers required by the TR-RBF method (DRT analysis) are handled, which should allow the rest of pyimpspec to function even if no convex optimizers can be imported successfully.


# 3.1.2

- Added the 3-sigma CI series to the legends of DRT plots.
- Updated the order that the mean and 3-sigma CI series are plotted in DRT plots.


# 3.1.1

- Updated API documentation.


# 3.1.0

- Added `Circuit.to_drawing` method for drawing circuit diagrams using the `schemdraw` package.
- Added `schemdraw` as an explicit dependency.
- Added support for using the `cvxpy` package as an optional solver in DRT calculations (TR-RBF method only).
- Added `cvxpy` as an optional dependency.
- Added `CircuitBuilder.__iadd__` method so that the `+=` operator can be used instead of the `CircuitBuilder.add` method.
- Updated `Element.set_label`, `Element.set_fixed`, `Element.set_lower_limit`, and `Element.set_upper_limit` methods to return the element so that the calls can be chained (e.g., `Resistor(R=50).set_label("ct").set_fixed("R", True)`).
- Updated the default terminal labels used in circuit diagrams.
- Updated how the title is generated in the `mpl.plot_fit` function.
- Updated minimum versions for dependencies.


# 3.0.0

**Breaking changes in the API!**

- The `KramersKronigResult` class has been renamed to `TestResult`.
- The `FittingResult` class has been renamed to `FitResult`.
- `DataSet`, `TestResult`, and `FitResult` methods such as `get_bode_data` that previously returned base-10 logarithms of, e.g., frequencies now return the linear values.
- The `perform_exploratory_tests` function now returns a list of results that have already been sorted from best to worst.
- The `score_test_results` function has been removed.
- The `string_to_circuit` function has been renamed to `parse_cdc`.
- The `fit_circuit_to_data` function has been renamed to `fit_circuit`.
- Some of the plotting function signatures have changed:
	- Added `label`, `legend`, and `adjust_axes` keyword arguments.
	- Added color arguments to the `plot_circuit` function.
	- The `plot_mu_xps` and `plot_exploratory_test_results` functions now take a `List[TestResult]` as the first argument.
	- Some argument names have changed (e.g., `nyquist_color` in `plot_circuit` has changed to `color_nyquist`).

# 

- Added support for calculating the distribution of relaxation times using a few different methods.
	See the `calculate_drt` function, which returns a `DRTResult` object, for details.
- Added new functions to `plot.mpl` (`plot_drt`, `plot_complex_impedance`, etc.).
- Added `cvxopt` and `scipy` as explicit dependencies.
- Added `get_connections` and `substitute_element` methods to the `Circuit` and `Connection` classes.
- Added a `get_relative_error` method to the `FittedParameter` class.
- Added a `calculate_score` method to the `TestResult` class.
- Added progress system that can be provided a callback to obtain information about progress during, e.g., Kramers-Kronig testing.
- Added a `CircuitBuilder` class as an alternate means of creating circuits.
- Updated the `DataSet` class to sort data points in descending order of frequency when instantiated.
- Updated the `plot.mpl.plot_*` functions to make use of logarithmic scales instead of logarithmic values where applicable.
- Updated the appearance of the figures generated by `plot.mpl.plot_mu_xps`.
- Updated the `DataSet.set_mask` method to accept the use of `numpy.bool_` values in masks.
- Updated the return value of the `to_latex` method of circuits, elements, and connections.
- Refactored to use generator expressions when performing, e.g., Kramers-Kronig tests.


# 2.2.0

- Added `num_per_decade` argument to the `pyimpspec.plot.mpl.plot_fit` function.
- Added sorting of elements to the `to_dataframe` method in the `FittingResult` class.
- Added `tabulate` package as explicit dependency.


# 2.1.0

- Added support for `.mpt` data format.
- Refactored code.


# 2.0.1

- Added GitHub Actions workflow for testing the package on Linux (Ubuntu), MacOS, and Windows.
- Fixed issues that prevented using the package with anything but Python 3.10.


# 2.0.0

- Added support for parsing the `.i2b` data format.
- Added support for parsing the `.P00` data format.
- Updated minimum Python and dependency versions.
- Updated documentation.
- Refactored code.
- Removed support for parsing `.xls` files.


# 1.1.0

- Added support for parsing the `.dfr` data format.
- Refactored `pyimpspec.data.formats`.
- Updated the API and its documentation.


# 1.0.1

- Updated docstrings.


# 1.0.0

- Added assertions to ensure that DataSet objects have at least one unmasked data point before performing a Kramers-Kronig test or a circuit fit.
- Updated the parsing of .dta files to support files generated with the THD (total harmonic distortion) setting enabled.
- Updated the validation of circuits prior to fitting.
- Updated some of the messages of type assertions to print the variable(s) being tested.
- Updated type assertions regarding DataSet objects to be more permissive in order to better support DearEIS.
- Refactored the code related to turning dictionaries into DataSet objects in order to better support DearEIS.
- Refactored the fitting and Kramers-Kronig testing modules to reduce code duplication.
- Refactored pyimpspec.plot.mpl so that `import *` doesn't pollute the namespace.


# 0.1.3

- Updated the implementation of the `.idf/.ids` parser.
- Updated assertion messages in `.idf/.ids` and `.dta` parsers.


# 0.1.2

- Added a missing trigger for raising an exception when encountering an unsupported file format.
- Fixed a bug that prevented parsing of some `.idf/.ids` data files.

# 0.1.1

- Added a circuit validation step prior to fitting a circuit.


# 0.1.0

- Initial public beta release.
