---
layout: default
title: "Version 3.0.0"
date: 2022-09-05 08:30:00 +0300
---

## Version 3.0.0

[Link to this release.](https://github.com/vyrjana/pyimpspec/releases/tag/3.0.0)

**Breaking changes in the API!**

- The `KramersKronigResult` class has been renamed to `TestResult`.
- The `FittingResult` class has been renamed to `FitResult`.
- `DataSet`, `TestResult`, and `FitResult` methods such as `get_bode_data` that previously returned base-10 logarithms of, e.g., frequencies now return the linear values.
- The `perform_exploratory_tests` function now returns a list of results that have already been sorted from best to worst.
- The `score_test_results` function has been removed.
- The `string_to_circuit` function has been renamed to `parse_cdc`.
- The `fit_circuit_to_data` function has been renamed to `fit_circuit`.
- Some of the plotting function signatures have changed:
	- Added `label`, `legend`, and `adjust_axes` keyword arguments.
	- Added color arguments to the `plot_circuit` function.
	- The `plot_mu_xps` and `plot_exploratory_test_results` functions now take a `List[TestResult]` as the first argument.
	- Some argument names have changed (e.g., `nyquist_color` in `plot_circuit` has changed to `color_nyquist`).

# 

- Added support for calculating the distribution of relaxation times using a few different methods.
	See the `calculate_drt` function, which returns a `DRTResult` object, for details.
- Added new functions to `plot.mpl` (`plot_drt`, `plot_complex_impedance`, etc.).
- Added `cvxopt` and `scipy` as explicit dependencies.
- Added `get_connections` and `substitute_element` methods to the `Circuit` and `Connection` classes.
- Added a `get_relative_error` method to the `FittedParameter` class.
- Added a `calculate_score` method to the `TestResult` class.
- Added progress system that can be provided a callback to obtain information about progress during, e.g., Kramers-Kronig testing.
- Added a `CircuitBuilder` class as an alternate means of creating circuits.
- Updated the `DataSet` class to sort data points in descending order of frequency when instantiated.
- Updated the `plot.mpl.plot_*` functions to make use of logarithmic scales instead of logarithmic values where applicable.
- Updated the appearance of the figures generated by `plot.mpl.plot_mu_xps`.
- Updated the `DataSet.set_mask` method to accept the use of `numpy.bool_` values in masks.
- Updated the return value of the `to_latex` method of circuits, elements, and connections.
- Refactored to use generator expressions when performing, e.g., Kramers-Kronig tests.
